-*- Text -*-
GNU Hurd version 0.2.


This is the Hurd.  Welcome.

This version of the GNU Hurd runs on various ix86 machines, including
i386, i486, i586 (pentium), i686 (hexium [pentium pro]).  

For instructions on compiling and installing the GNU Hurd from an
already running Hurd system, see the file `INSTALL'.

It is possible to cross-build the Hurd; the file INSTALL-cross
contains some past instructions for doing so, but it's too much
trouble to maintain these instructions and keep them up to date.  Your
best bet is to start with a running Hurd system already.  If you do
decide to cross compile, you will need to examine the instructions in
INSTALL for building Mach, libc, and the Hurd together, and follow
them.  The instructions in INSTALL-cross are quite out-of-date, but
they contain some useful hints buried amongst the errors, so we have
left the file for those who find it useful.

Please note that this directory also contains a fair amount of
not-yet-working code.  By default, the makefiles build only the
working code.

Bug reports for the GNU Hurd should be sent to the mailing list
`bug-hurd@prep.ai.mit.edu'.  Please do not send requests for
assistance in installing or using the software to that address.
Instead, send requests for assistance to the mailing list
`help-hurd@prep.ai.mit.edu'.  You can join these lists by sending a
request to `bug-hurd-request@prep.ai.mit.edu' or
`help-hurd-request@prep.ai.mit.edu' respectively.

The GNU Hurd is free software.  All of it, including the libraries in
this distribution, is covered by the GNU General Public License, found
in the file COPYING.


